I beg your pardon aren't you guy hey my
name is Bruno Bruno Anthony wanna hear
one of my ideas for a perfect murder two
fellows me accidently no connection
between what I'll never saw each other
before each one has somebody that he'd
like to get rid of so they swap
murders crisscross I may be
old-fashioned but I thought mirror was
against the law you think my theories
okay have you like sure sure
now everything didn't go smoothly she
doesn't want the divorce but you sound
so Savage guy sure I sound Savage I feel
savage like to break a neck now who did
you say this is Bruno guy Bruno and to
me
don't you remember on the train
it's your name Miriam right here
God are you trying to tell me are you
maniac but God you want it there seems
to be no way of diplomatically breaking
tragic news it concerns your wife she's
been murdered
Miriam murdered she was strangled you're
just as much in it as I am we planned it
on the train criss-cross how did you get
him to do it he's a maniac I met him on
the train going to med camp and now a
lunatic wants me to kill his father
Bruno I've decided to do what you want
bill think it'll be wonderful to happen
I love you so much and kill for you well
then am I correct mr. Haines and
assuming that you have no intention of
going ahead with our arranging none
whatsoever
I don't like to be double-crossed I have
a murder on my conscience but it's not
my murderous taste it's yours am I going
to shoot you mr. Haines
I'll think of something better than that
much better
keep on your toes sometime
I need your help for chasing a man
this class